C-i: No crazy. An imaginary state, hence the 'i' designator for the imaginary number sqrt(-1)

C-asshat: Asshat crazy. The author's constant state of sarcastic purveyor of all forms of crazy.

C-BS: Bat-shit crazy.  Mild craziness. A good bowel movement usually resolves this.

C-pi: Regular crazy. One or more people are having a perfect circle jerk. Nothing that a nice slice of pie won't help calm down.

C-007: Under cover crazy.  The crazy is strong and lethal, but not immediately obvious. Several large extra dry vodka martinis needed.

C-417: Expectations not met crazy. They were simple expectations, that only moderate incompetence could have met. Heavy, repeated sighing can help.

C-418: I'm a teapot crazy. One level up from C-417 crazy, one level down from C-ICE.  

C-ICE: I can't even crazy. For when words just can't do it justice.

C-BR: Because; reasons crazy. This is for when the only explanation given for doing something is "Because. Reasons"; under pressure this frequently decays into C-ICE, with some accompanying C-417. Note that in the presence of C-417, C-BR can often fuse into C-Norris.

C-VanDamme: The crazy from Brussels. Everyone is broody, silent and potentially explosive. Waffles with mayo and fries with chocolate may prove helpful, or they may fuel the explosive tendencies.

C-Norris: Chuck Norris crazy. The crazy may not have happened yet, but it will. And someone will get their ass handed to them on a plate.

C-e: Extreme crazy. Aka 'The crazy is strong'. The crazy just keeps exponentially growing throughout the day. Dropping an E, or some other recreational drug is highly recommended.

C-1149: Talking with a pigeon crazy. Use of RFC-1149 (IP over Avian Carriers) is a way to reduce this down to C-e crazy.

C-infinity: Second highest level of crazy. Consider leaving this realm of reality. Cos most other people clearly have, and they are much happier there.

C-0: Highest level of crazy. The crazy went "one more" than C-infinity, and due to an arithmetic overflow error in The Matrix, infinity+1 = 0.

C-11: Highest level of crazy. This is a quantum super-position with C-0. Because since we are talking crazy, we can't possibly ignore Spinal Tap's David St. Hubbins' "one more" contribution to the world of crazy.

C-Schrodinger: All possible levels of crazy all at once. Opening your eyes and observing which one becomes real is highly discouraged. Will eventually spontaneously decay into C-Norris crazy, frequently with some exotic Crazy fissile by-products.
